Thanks computer with the internet connection we can start the business, run the business and manage the business and we can grow the business by the use of a computer.  Google, Facebook, LinkedIn,
Amazon, Alibaba etc. all are websites created by the use of computer and internet.
We can’t imagine the daily business operations around the world without the uses of computer technologies. In early days when the first mechanical computer invented by Charles Babbage,
it was used only to control the business system and speed up the business process accurately. But today everything is controlled and managed by computers. 
Businesses and companies use a computer to do marketing and business planning, they use a computer to record customer data, they use a computer to manage goods and services etc.
Is computer with an internet connection really important for businesses? Now they can do Internet marketing, they can sell product and services online. They can manage; hire employees around 
the world by the use of computer and internet.
Almost all kind of businesses is using computers in their daily official works. Such Microsoft Office to create professional looking documents, excel spreadsheet to manage goods and services, 
power point to for project presentations etc. are common these days.
Does the uses of computer in the business help companies to grow their customer base faster? Computer use business is also challenging for the companies and small business owners. Because 
customers have so many options to choose best product or services by the use of the internet.
Can individual today start their business from home? Freelancing is a big example. Freelancers are working remotely from home with the use of computer and internet.
To start earning money by the use of a computer is not so much tough. You just need to learn or to become a master in few applications or programming languages.
If someone knows about the internet research, data entry, MS Word etc they can start data typing and editing work from home. Such as resume writing services, eBook writing services.